How would someone else (not present) behave here?
If we had a lot of wealth now, what would you do?
What would be a stupid thing to do to get killed?
What could one do here to attract a lot of attention?
What could be considered an offense to others?
Is there anything that could catch on fire or explode?
Is there anything that could be used as a weapon?
Are there any attractive people nearby?
Is there music in the background? Any artists? Radio?
Are there any drunk or crazy people nearby?
What is the scene peculiarly colorful or shiny?
Anything currently broken, failing, or unreliable?
Is there anything that could move, or be reanimated?
Any art or literature nearby that could inspire us?
Is there anything in the scene that is rare or valuable?
What could happen that would disrupt operations?
What natural catastrophes could happen here?
Any vehicles, mounts, or transports nearby?
What could be present but hidden in plain sight?
What is currently moving a lot? or very annoying?
Which background noise would we prefer to shut off?
Would we feel any esoteric or divine forces in here?
Is there anyone feeling very uncomfortable here?
Is there anyone especially powerful nearby?
What could attract our immediate interest here?
What could be convenient to find for our quest?
Who could be the ideal person to find right now?
What could trigger one of our flaws? Are we exposed?
What could happen to make us very angry?
What could be of a big relief for us right now?
What could trigger one of our backstories?
Could we possibly find someone we know here?
What is the last thing we hope to find here?
Could there be anyone following or spying on us?
What could happen remotely that could be bad now?
How could our main enemies interfere right now?
Could we encounter a family member in here?
If we could go back in time, what would we change?
Does it feel like we are doing the right thing?
Would it be possible that any of us is a spy or traitor?
What if anyone around is in love with any of us?
Which skill would be convenient to have right now?
Does the current situation bring any old memories?
What if any of our belongings had a secret power?
Should ensure we didn’t get robbed or lose something?
Do we trust each other right now? How is morale?
Are there any annoying insects buzzing around?
What if we wanted to take a break, and relax for a while?
What could happen if we give up, and not do anything?
What could be our enemies up to, right now?