How does magic interact with technology? Which is better?
What are the sources and limitations of such crafts?
How is magic regulated or controlled? Are there laws?
How common or rare is magic? Is it accessible to anyone?
How does magic affect the society, culture, and economy?
Does it create opportunities, inequalities, or conflicts?
How does magic affect the environment and ecology?
How do they affect the society, culture, economy?
Do they conserve or consume natural resources or waste?
How do they affect the individual and collective identity?
How do they affect morality and ethics? conflicts?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of them?
What are the ethical implications of using/mixing them
How do people learn and acquire any of them?
Are there domains, fields, or professions for them?
Is it possible to innovate and create new forms of them?
How do people communicate and share about them?
How do people view and value them? Religiously?
How do people cope with the changes brought by them?
How do people celebrate and appreciate them?
How are they protected and preserved for posterity?
How are they misused or abused? How bad can it be?
How are they repaired or maintained? Is it easy or cheap?
How are they enhanced, modified, or customized?
Is it possible to store, reproduce, or share them?
How can one measure, test, or evaluate them?
How does one compare and contrast them one another?
Can they be integrated or combined in different types?
How can they be balanced or harmonized together?
What are typical criteria to choose among them?
How do factions coexist and cooperate with them?
How do users challenge and compete through them?
How did society evolve with them? Is it for the better?
How do people depend on or rely on them? addictive?
Can anyone resist, complain, or reject them?
How can they get lost, stolen, moved, or recovered?
How can one discover and explore new of them?
Any theories, models, or frameworks that explain them?
How are they currently questioned or doubted?
Are there idols, heroes, or legends that inspire them?
Are they somehow feared or hated? Are they respected?
How do people normally love, celebrate, or enjoy them?
Is it typical or common to dream or imagine about them?
How do people joke and laugh about them? Is it allowed?
How do people refer to, curse, or swear with them?
What are the most valuable or desired components?
Are there schools, mentors, or books that teach them?
Are there memories, records, archives for preservation?
How do people create and destroy them? With tools?
How are they inherited and passed on over time