What is the name of it? How did it get such a name?
What is their symbol or insignia? What does it mean?
What are their colors or themes? How do others see it?
What is their motto or slogan? What motivated it?
What is their main purpose or goal? Are they acting?
Which are their values and principles? Are they respected?
What are strengths and weaknesses? How do they use them?
What are their methods and tactics? Are they unique?
What are their allies and enemies? How is it today?
What are their resources and assets? Are those stable?
How could their secrets and hidden agenda look like?
What are their challenges and threats? How bad are things?
Which recent achievements or failures did they undertake?
What are their origins and history? Where they come from?
What are their traditions and customs? Do they persist?
What are their rules and regulations? Are they strict?
What are their ranks and roles? Who is most important?
Who are their representatives? What is the current agenda?
Which typical or not groups can one find among them?
Which rites, symbols or artistic style distinguish them?
How do they recruit and train new members? Is it hard?
How do they communicate and coordinate with others?
How does it reward and punish its members? How bad?
How does it deal with dissent and defection? Did it happen?
How does it handle conflict and negotiation? How openly?
How does it influence and interact with other factions?
How does it cope and adapt to change, weather, and events?
How does it celebrate and commemorate events? Religions?
How does it innovate and develop? How is their technology?
How does it plan and execute its missions? Are they secret?
How does it relate and respond to the world around it?
How does it affect and shape the world around? How much?
How does it represent and express itself? How is it seen?
How does it perceive and understand itself? Is it organized?
How does it differ and contrast from other factions?
How does a normal day in the life of its members look like?
How does it inspire and motivate its members? Morale?
How does it support and protect its members? Equipment?
How does it challenge and test its members? Meritocracy?
How does it respect and honor its members? Famous ones?
How does it benefit and harm its members? How is the law?
How does it benefit and harm other factions? Any wars?
How does it justify and rationalize its actions? Propaganda?
 How are policies proposed, decided, and executed?
How does it face and overcome its fears? Are they united?
Does it embrace its flaws, or denies them? How is it done?
How does it keep and prove its loyalty within and without?
Which flaws can be perceived in its way of government?
How does it balance and prioritize its needs and wants?
How does it fulfill its potential? How does it grow?