Who seems to be of importance around here?
Who could be helpful, or answer our questions?
How could we manage to trade or do business here?
How do others around us behave? The social mood.
What is going on right now? What are others doing?
Would this be a hostile, or friendly environment? why?
What social classes can we identify around here?
How do people go by in their lives? How is life?
What level of authority can we present here?
How are people dressing? What is their code?
What are people around us doing right now?
Who catches our attention? Any peculiar faces?
What do others typically carry with them?
How does everybody move? At what speed? Stressful?
How do we relate to others around here?
What is the apparent impact of politics here?
How do we perceive the power of the law and order?
Are there any reasons for tension or conflict?
Should we be scared of anyone? How is criminality?
Who around us seems to know this place a lot?
Do people seem respectful? What are the customs?
How do people around make use of technology?
Any supernatural presence? Any weird character?
Do we feel welcome? What do others think of us? why?
Is there presence of servitude, or any form of slavery?
How do others interact with the environment around them?
What is the general level of stress and mood?
Does it feel like everybody is busy? or otherwise idle?
Is there any presence of advertising or active sales?
Can we focus on any one actor? Describe him/her.
Are others equipped with weapons or armor?
Do we recognize anybody or find someone familiar?
What is the form of communication? Which language?
Are there people who belong to specific sub-factions?
Are there any religious, cultist, or elevated people?
Is there a presence of military or enforcement forces?
Are people having fun? Or are they bored to death?
Is there anyone particularly nervous or paranoid?
Does it look like anybody is sick or very injured?
Is there anybody being mistreated or bullied?
Is there anyone speaking very loud, or calling attention?
Is there anyone particularly well-armed or equipped?
Is there anyone particularly watching us?
How do people interact with each other? Are they stressed?
Are there distinguishable multiple groups or factions?
What are others talking about? Is there a prevalent topic?
Are people worried or scared about anything in particular?
If something violent happened, how prepared is everybody?
Does it look like others are capable of a fight or surviving?
What is the general level of qualification or education?{}