What do we see? near, or far away in the horizon.
How do things react to the touch? What do we feel?
How exciting is it to traverse this area? How diverse?
What kind of sounds, noises, or music can we hear?
What is the weather, mood, or atmospheric feeling?
What kind of architecture, biome, or nature is this?
How is this area defended by its owning faction?
How fast do we move? how is the terrain or medium?
Could there be anything hidden or any invisible force?
What is the worst thing that could happen right now?
Are there any ruins, abandoned locations, or leftovers?
What is the value or point of interest of this place?
How long would a trip take? How large are the distances?
What is extraordinary, rare, or uncommon in the area?
What could we scavenge to eat or drink on the road?
What could we do if we wanted to rest or find shelter?
How do others in this area travel? How frequently?
How well-defined are the routes? Are there maps?
To which kind of dangers should we be aware of?
How familiar or similar to each other are the places?
What time of the day is it? How is visibility in the way?
What kind of living beings can be found on the way?
Are there signs of society? outposts or camps?
Are there any remnants of historical significance?
What kind of traps could be set here? by whom?
What can we find if we stray out of the main route?
How are the transitions between different stages?
Would this be a hostile, or friendly environment? why?
What are the chances of being crossed by other travelers?
What kind of goods or resources could be produced?
What kind of bandits or roaming monsters could be?
What kind of invisible dangers could we face?
Could natural catastrophes occur? Natural hazards?
What could we find during the trip? loot? scavenge?
Any presence of magic, esoteric, or weird forces here?
What is the name of this area? Why is it called so?
What kind of equipment could help us move better?
What would be the ideal weather to travel around?
What are the chances of finding a treasure here?
What would be the most efficient way to prevent travel?
Could there be tolls or blockades? From which faction?
Why are we here exactly? What led us here so far?
What is the most annoying factor of this trip?
What is the worst scenario to find by the end of a trip?
Would any faction be mad at us for being here?
What could we recommend to others for this route?
What would happen if any of us gets injured or sick?
Which disease, curse, or infection could we catch here?
What do we do to keep engaged, and not bored along?
What are the chances of getting lost around here?