What are spoken languages? How do dialects affect us?
How dangerous are the routes? How is crime? Is it safe?
Any local events ongoing? How do they affect us and others?
Which significant events happened recently around here?
Which historic events still have an impact or a legacy?
How familiar or alien is the world to us? Did it change?
What kind of active political struggles are ongoing?
How are the architecture and construction methods?
What are the very iconic features of this world or region?
What role does our current region play in the world?
How do the main factions protect this region?
Are there any ongoing large-scale conflicts? Which?
What kind of government handles this region?
How are government corruptions seen and felt?
Are there any non-official factions with some influence?
What is the most influential faction conflict going on?
Which faction would very much like to own this area?
How is the general population state in the region? Growth?
How is the economy? What does wealth mean? currency?
What level of technology characterizes this region?
How developed are the sciences and education levels?
How advanced are the methods of engineering?
How is trade, business, and cross-faction commerce?
Are there supernatural forces or magic in play?
How is society stratified, categorized, or classified?
What is the main cultural or unique style in this region?
How are the religion, beliefs, and divine forces reflected?
Are there any religious struggles or conflicts? Which ones?
How well connected and communicated are the areas?
How fast does information travel across places?
Who are typically famous or renowned people?
Who are the most influential people in these times?
What is the typical lifespan? How dangerous is it?
How efficient is bureaucracy in the current region?
How large are the military forces of the main factions?
Are there any dangers that could reunite factions?
Who are the most powerful factions in the region?
Who are the weakest factions in the region right now?
How are geopolitics? Which resources are scarce?
How well-defined are the frontiers of each region?
Which location or landmark nearby is worthwhile visiting?
Are there inexplicable phenomena going on or heard of?
How do people prepare for different seasons and weather?
How well-known is the region? Are maps a normal thing?
What is the biggest city in the region? What made it so?
Are there any global shortages of any resource? water?
How are history and knowledge collected and stored?
What are common means of transport? How common?
How are children raised? How are the typical family units?
Which sources of wonder, or power encourage heroes?