Describe a prominent memory of your childhood
How would you react if somebody stole from you?
Are your parents still alive? Are they together?
What is your current dream, ambition, or personal goal?
Describe one flaw you would like to overcome
Which weakness could an enemy exploit in you?
What is your driving passion? What moves you?
Which secondary talent do you possess? Do you use it?
What are your strongest beliefs? A driving principle
What values you would never accept to be offended
What is your biggest fear? What are you afraid of?
Do you have any peculiar phobias? What do you hate?
Do you have any secrets? Tell about it without revealing
What do you feel guilty about? Any regrets?
Are you in love? Where are they? What would you do?
Do you hate anybody? Are you against any faction?
What is your political stance? How is it where you are?
What do you think about the current governors?
How do you address others? Which language do you use?
Do you often make jokes? How do you see humor?
What are you proud of? Any achievements?
What have you done that you are ashamed of?
What is your curiosity? What would learn more of?
Do you consider yourself creative? What is art to you?
What is your level of loyalty? Would you break an oath?
Would you break a promise? How strong is your word?
Have you ever betrayed anyone? Was it worth it?
What was the last thing you were grateful for?
Is there anything or anyone you hold resentment to?
What do you think of honor, your word, and justice?
When was the last time you made a lot of wealth?
What do you have hope for, that others don’t?
When was the last time you lacked the courage to act?
Do you have any friends? Any best friends?
Who is your rival? Do you have competition?
Do you show respect for wisdom or knowledge? Why?
Did you ever kill, murder, torture, or hurt anybody?
Are you part of any faction? if not, would you be?
Do you receive commands or orders from anyone?
What would your parents think of you if they saw you?
Do you miss anyone? Is there anything missing in life?
What would you have done, if you had a normal life?
How would you describe yourself in one single word?
What is your main personality trait? Are you extrovert?
Which piece of equipment would you love to have?
How do you react when someone offends or insults you?
Are you willing to forgive your worst enemy?
What do you think of math, engineering, or science?
Do you have any open questions about your past?
Were you ever in great danger, in jail, or about to die?