What do we see around us? What do things look like?
What is the smell? Is there anything to touch or taste?
What does it generally feel to be here, and now?
What do we hear? Any background sounds or noise?
What is the weather, mood, or atmospheric feeling?
What is the construction or architectural style?
How is the security, defenses, or protection?
Which way would we take if we needed to escape?
Could there be anything hidden or any invisible force?
What is the worst thing that could happen right now?
What kind of valuables or treasured objects are here?
What is the value or point of interest of this place?
What could we do around here to find some fun?
What is extraordinary, rare, or uncommon here?
How could we find something to eat or drink in here?
What could we do if we wanted to rest or find shelter?
What could we do to find medical assistance?
What distinguishes this place from others of the type?
To which kind of dangers should be aware of here?
What could we find familiar, or related to us here?
What time of the day is it? What time on the calendar?
What kind of flora, fauna, or nature can be found here?
How do people communicate here? Within and without
Are there any remnants of historical precedence?
How is this area defended, or protected?
Any objects to interact with? What could we do?
What kind of doors, windows, or passages do we see?
Would this be a hostile, or friendly environment? why?
Is there any presence of religion, culture, or beliefs?
Could we trade in here? What is produced or sold?
What kind of services can one find around here?
Are there any signs of violence? or a place for it?
Is there anything broken, damage, or failing?
What level of technology is around? any Machinery?
Any presence of magic, esoteric, or weird forces here?
What is the name of this place? Why is it called so?
How did the passing of time affect this place?
In which conditions is this place found? damaged? used?
How crowded, packed, charged, or loaded is this place?
What levels of activity, density, or traffic are perceived?
How are things sized around? Any size peculiarities?
How are we feeling, with our equipment and clothes?
Could people perform festivals or ceremonies here?
Would this be a place for good, or evil? Honesty or secrets?
Why is this location relevant for the quest or plot?
Could we find anything of use or meaningful for the plot?
Would this be a place suited for the rich or the poor? why?
What would others think of us, if they knew we were here?
How do geopolitics, terrain, or any conflicts impact here?
What would religious, or divine people think of here?